=pod

=head1 NAME

AnyEvent::FTP::PPT::ls - list file/directory information

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 use AnyEvent::FTP::PPT::ls qw( ls );
 
 my $output = ls('-l');

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is the ls snarked from PPT as a module.  The rest
of this document comes from the original PPT ls documentation.

This programs lists information about files and directories.
If it is invoked without file/directory name arguments,
it lists the contents of the current directory.  
Otherwise, B<ls> lists information about the files and
information about the contents of the directories (but
see B<-d>).  Furthermore, without any option arguments
B<ls> justs lists the names of files and directories.
All files are listed before all directories.
The default sort order is ascending ASCII on filename.

=head2 OPTIONS

The BSD options
'1ACFLRSTWacdfgiklmnopqrstux'
are recognized,
but only '1RSacdfiklnrstu' are implemented:

=over 4

=item -1

List entries 1 per line (default if output is not a tty).

=item -R

Recursively list the contents of all directories, breadth-first.

=item -S

Sort descending by size.

=item -a

List all files (normally files starting with '.' are ignored).

=item -c

Sort by decending last modification time of inode.

=item -d

Do not list directory contents.

=item -f

Do not sort -- list in whatever order files/directories are returned
by the directory read function.

=item -i

List file inode number.  (Doesn't mean much on non-inode systems.)

=item -k

When used with B<-s>, list file/directory size in 1024-byte blocks.

=item -l

Long format listing of mode -- # of links, owner name, group name,
size in bytes, time of last modification, and name.

=item -n

List numeric uid and gid (default on platforms without getpwuid()).

=item -r

Reverse sorting order.

=item -s

List file/directory size in 512-byte blocks.  (May not mean much
on non-Unix systems.)

=item -t

Sort by decending last modification time.

=item -u

Sort by decending last access time.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=head1 BUGS

The file metadata from stat() is used, which may not necessarily
mean much on non-Unix systems.  Specifically, the uid, gid, inode,
and block numbers may be meaningless (or less than meaningful
at least).

The B<-l> option does not yet list the major and minor
device numbers for special files, but it does list
the value of the 'dev' field as 2 hex 16-bit words.
Doing this properly would
probably require filesystem type probing.

=head1 AUTHOR

This Perl implementation of I<ls>
was written by Mark Leighton Fisher of Thomson Consumer Electronics,
I<fisherm@tce.com>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT and LICENSE

This program is free and open software. You may use, modify,
distribute, and sell this program (and any modified variants) in any
way you wish, provided you do not restrict others from doing the same.

=head1 AUTHOR

Graham Ollis <plicease@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Graham Ollis.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

